hello youtubers my name is X Factor and
welcome back to bushwick e Wednesday's
it's been quite a while but this is
series where I basically run around with
a carbine sometimes with the suppressor
like I'm doing now with the acw-r which
has quite a bit of horizontal recoil and
then there's a suppressor so it's
knocking down my velocity quite a bit so
of course leading targets will be quite
a bit of challenge and I never leave
home without two things pokeballs then
of course the c4 as I'm trying to help
myself by dropping a med pack because
shit is about to hit the fan this is
Dawnbreaker rush defense and they are
quickly pressing the first mcom with the
LED flirting I'm dropping down and red
dot alert this is the common seen the
LEDs running this lane and there's
nothing you can do about it if you're
trapped inside as a medic or support
play without c4 and I actually forget
for a moment that I have c4 I could have
laid a trap it could have would have
should have been a trap instead I'm
going to keep the pokeballs up give a
little hip fire because this thing is a
beast with the 880 rounds per minute but
again you have to counter that pesky
horizontal recoil and grenade fail this
is a catch off this opposite wall of me
is usually a plethora of bad guys
especially once you get the first mcom
so if you can scoot up on that far
Riverside and do the victory crawl you
can get some amazing multi kills there's
a couple moments where i wish i had an
LMG I got past them and I got into a
cupboard angle with a little bit
protection I was just staring and
gawking at five to eight to ten people I
mean it's ridiculous one of the app
that I have so right now I'm literally
puckering up my little behind hoping and
praying for the best because the bad
guys are AMI that's something else we
could talk about real quickly the
community test environment is up there
letting more and more people in on it
every day and that screen shake is being
drastically reduced now the rumor is
it's being reduced three times and then
they'll adjust it them then so of course
your screen should shake when shit is
hitting the fan but it's sometimes when
a building falls in your 40 or 50 feet
away or random grenade that's nowhere
close and the screen shake just kicks in
and of course if your 80s it's really
gonna mess up your shot and I don't get
the LAV but I do get a bad guy little
panic hip fire with the p226 and I'm
still alive in my little hidey-hole now
here's a moment where an LMG would have
paid off where I didn't have to worry
about it reload and I don't want to
reload on an empty mag with this gun
because it's just painful not as painful
as the famas or some of the other
weapons the game but it's not the
quickest in the world and with the 880
rounds a minute you're going through it
quickly so did I mention victory crawl
well here you go this is a moment where
I wish I had an lmg they are having a
meeting at the water cooler in the
office and fries that right there holy
shitballs there is an entire gaggle of
people they're damned if I do damned if
I don't I get shot from behind when the
LED but I will have my revenge of the
LAV if you guys haven't been able to
tell by now this is buy tickets now I
threw one out and popped it just to
disable it he had his ApS up the
christmas tree will not save him from
death from above so throw it out disable
them and then hit him with the rest if i
would have tried to throw all three out
i might have been in trouble and of
course the mini-map is AC
of red dots this has been another nice
moment with an lmg just drop down and
hit them from behind these are those
moments where you can get swatted wipes
like that didn't kill them all that
means they're still spawning back and
why not share one or two more sandwiches
and that throw wasn't going to net me a
kill but it also wasn't gonna kill me I
actually caught one on the ledge earlier
and I to hold off for like six seconds
to pick the dang thing up so this is a
nice lmg move but it's too little too
late shoulda woulda coulda had an LMG
but I'm suppressed therefore I can dance
all day and maybe stay alive but again
they got the Empire they actually went
crush on that last thing working it down
for my tickets very low tickets and they
actually got it set so we're on to
another set of em comes and I'm actually
gonna blame myself for this one I really
thought we had this set in the bag I
started wandering around and playing
around in an LED keeping their two LEDs
at bay and I ran my infantry only set up
on my lav which isn't a full
anti-vehicle set up there's no Zuni so I
could do really well with the small mini
gun with the LAV to pick at infantry but
I actually was able to keep both their
la visa because no one want to rush me
they don't really know what card I was
holding so that helped out the team and
but it didn't help out the team enough
because I got too distracted I got too
far away and that's the tough part about
this map because it's easy to push
outside lanes so they literally blow us
off that set of em comes
and I kind of miss an opportunity here
to do something epic should have jumped
down and should have finished that guy
and I mess up the parachute it's that
simple at all look at that another
gaggle of bad guys killed by my own kind
at least so one last push we've got 70
tickets are so left and they are putting
massive pressure on us there goes the
bike not exactly a high priority targets
that's why I ignored it and that's a key
to being successful on the battlefield
are they looking at you are they
shooting at you do they know where
you're at are they about to PQ is there
one guy looking at you and a group
before that's the guy you want to kill
first and I got just a little bit too
greedy right there hope you guys enjoyed
this episode of bush wookie Wednesday we
actually held this last set of em comes
and here is an opportunity that I missed
see you soon youtubers suicide oh I
fucked up